Some changes to how Dusk being busy is handled (#9177)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/remnant/remnant 2 cognizance.txt

	destination "Ssil Vida"
	cargo "outpost equipment" 11
	passengers 1

> 	blocked "You receive a message from Dusk and Taely indicating the next mission requires space for 11 tons of cargo and a passenger."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	blocked "You receive a message from Dusk and Taely indicating the next mission requires space for <cargo> and <passengers>."
```
Does this help?

> 	blocked "You receive a message from Dusk and Taely indicating the next mission requires space for 11 tons of cargo and a passenger."

Reviewer 2: First, just so you know @tibetiroka , by using `<cargo>` it will output `<x> ton(s) of <commodity>`, while but by just using `<tons>` it will output `<x> ton(s)` alone.

And secondly, `<passengers>` will only output either "passenger" or "passengers", depending on if there're more than 1 passenger. While `<bunks>` will output the number of passengers alone.

> 	blocked "You receive a message from Dusk and Taely indicating the next mission requires space for 11 tons of cargo and a passenger."

Author: ```suggestion
	blocked "You receive a message from Dusk and Taely indicating the next mission requires space for <tons> of cargo and <fare>."
```
